{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f403\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid1776846 Plain Text;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 \f36\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext16 \ssemihidden \styrsid4474100 Document Map;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid92939\rsid272504\rsid534309\rsid873934\rsid922792\rsid1121337\rsid1333209\rsid1776846\rsid2847304\rsid3870902\rsid4404317
\rsid4474100\rsid5793411\rsid6386744\rsid6561183\rsid8456355\rsid8544135\rsid8748505\rsid8989700\rsid9442534\rsid9714527\rsid10097543\rsid10451815\rsid10776443\rsid11827656\rsid12262793\rsid12990267\rsid13577901\rsid14186114\rsid14224559\rsid14507533
\rsid14949789\rsid15105678\rsid15554650\rsid15797952\rsid16064104}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info{\title                     Teradyne Software License Agreement}{\author Kevin Bushe}{\operator Kevin Bushe}
{\creatim\yr2009\mo3\dy10\hr15\min23}{\revtim\yr2009\mo3\dy10\hr15\min24}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1236}{\nofchars7051}{\*\company Teradyne, Inc}{\nofcharsws8271}{\vern24579}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale85\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15554650\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid1776846\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8989700 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid534309\charrsid8989700 Teradyne Software License Agreement
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1776846 {\insrsid534309\charrsid1776846 
\par }\pard \s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid534309 {\insrsid534309\charrsid1776846 This Agreement defines the license terms and conditions under which Teradyne, Inc. (\'93Teradyne\'94
) grants user rights to selected software and the undersigned ("Customer") will use such selected software. These terms apply only to software owned or controlled by Teradyne that is delivered to Customer by Teradyne (\'93Software\'94).
\par 
\par In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:
\par 
\par 1. Teradyne grants a license to S
oftware, as outlined herein, effective when Software is delivered to Customer and, if required, a license key to enable use of Software and accepts payment of license fees in effect at the time of order or delivery.  The license grants Customer and its co
n
solidated subsidiaries the limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use Software and related documentation only for their internal use.  Software that operates on a test system, equipment or instrument is licensed for use only with the specifi
c
 test system or equipment for which it is authorized by Teradyne, except temporary use on another test system or other equipment is permitted if due to malfunction of the identified test system or equipment. Unless otherwise specified by Teradyne, in asso
c
iated purchase documents or license keys, the term of this license shall extend only for so long as Customer owns the test system or equipment.  Unless otherwise specified in writing by Teradyne, the license of Software is not transferable or sublicense-a
ble by Customer or its consolidated subsidiaries to any other party.
\par 
\par 2. Customer's rights in Software and documentation are user's rights only, and all title and ownership rights in them remain with Teradyne (or third party supplier to Teradyne). Custome
r acknowledges that the Software and related documentation contain trade secret and proprietary information of Teradyne, and agrees not to disclose it to any others, using the same degree of care as with its own materials of a similar nature, but in no ev
e
nt less than reasonable care. Customer shall not modify, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer Software. Customer will not copy the Software or related documentation, except for archival or emergency backup purposes. Any such copy must cont
a
in the copyright or proprietary notice as furnished with the original. Customer agrees to allow Teradyne to monitor compliance with these conditions in a manner that does not interfere with normal business operations. When additional licenses or license t
erms exist or are required for any third party material incorporated in or delivered with Software, the terms of that third party license will supersede any conflicting terms in this Agreement as it relates to the third party material.
\par 
\par 3. If a warranty a
pplies to any item of Software, the duration of the warranty will be one year from the date of delivery of the Software. Teradyne's warranty is that Software prepared by Teradyne will function in accordance with the description contained in documentation 
a
ccompanying the Software. If Customer notifies Teradyne within the warranty period that it suspects an error in the program logic of the Software, Teradyne shall use reasonable commercial efforts to confirm the existence of such error. If the error is con
f
irmed, Teradyne shall undertake, at no charge to Customer, sufficient efforts as it determines necessary to: (i) apply a temporary correction; or (ii) develop an emergency bypass if the test system or equipment associated with the Software is inoperable. 
 
If Teradyne determines that neither (i) nor (ii) is practical, then Teradyne may satisfy its warranty obligations by returning any license fee paid in exchange for return of the Software.   If Teradyne reasonably determines that no such error exists, Cust
omer agrees to pay Teradyne for its services at Teradyne\rquote s standard charges, including reasonable travel and living expenses. 
\par This warranty extends to the original Customer only, and applies only to the then current unaltered form of the Software. This pa
ragraph states the sole remedy of Customer and exclusive liability of Teradyne for Software provided by Teradyne.  TERADYNE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR IN LAW, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTAB
ILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
\par 
\par 4. IN NO EVENT WILL TERADYNE BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL PENALTIES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF TERADYNE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CUSTOMER AGRE
ES THAT ANY LIABILITY OF TERADYNE HEREUNDER FOR DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE LICENSE CHARGES PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE ITEM OR ITEMS OF SOFTWARE INVOLVED.
\par 
\par 5. Teradyne can terminate Customer's rights to use any specific 
item or items of Software for any material failure to perform Customer's obligations under this License with respect to that item or items of Software that is not remedied within thirty (30) days of written notice, or failure to pay any required fees rela
t
ed to an item or items of Software, or Customer's ceasing to do business or becoming bankrupt. If Teradyne terminates the license to such item or items of Software for such cause, Customer agrees to return such item of Software and Documentation including
 
any copies or partial copies thereof. Licenses to other items of Software not so terminated shall continue in full force and effect. In the case of Customer's ceasing to do business or becoming bankrupt, the Agreement is terminated including all licenses 
to specific items of Software Customer agrees to return all Software and Documentation. 
\par 
\par 6. Except as expressly stated herein, terms governing provision of any specific item or items of Software including license fees and Software maintenance fees shall 
be the Standard Teradyne Terms and Conditions, incorporated herein by reference, and associated Teradyne invoices and other purchase documents at the time the order is received.
\par 
\par 7. Any change to this License Agreement must be in writing, signed by both 
parties. The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts will govern interpretation of this License Agreement.  Teradyne makes no grant of license rights to any third party software, source code, applications or open source software not delivered by Teradyn
e (hereinafter Third Party Software) necessary to use the Software on Customer\rquote s workstations or at its\rquote  facilities. Customer is responsible for securing all licenses for Third Party Software. 
\par 
\par 8. Customer shall not export, re-export or release any speci
fic item or items of Software, the source code for any specific item or items of Software, or any product incorporating any Software to a national of a country or to any country to which restrictions are applied from time to time by the U.S. Department of
 Commerce without an export license from the US Government. This restriction shall survive the expiration or termination of this License Agreement.
\par 
\par 9.  If any Software or associated documentation is acquired by or on behalf of a unit or agency of the Uni
ted States Government, the supply of such Software or associated documentation is subject to an agreement by the government and its prime contractor that such Software or documentation is a "commercial item" as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101, con
s
isting of "commercial computer software" or "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations and its successors and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 of the DoD FAR Supple
m
ent and its successors. The use, duplication or disclosure by the United States Government of technical, data, computer software and documentation is subject to the restrictions set forth in FAR section 12.212(a), FAR section 52.227-14(g), FAR section 52.
2
27-19, DFAR section 252.227-7014(a)(1) - (5), DFARS section 252.227-7015(b), DFARS section 227.7202-1(a) and (c), and DFARS section 227.7202-3, as applicable. All United States Government end users acquire the Software with only the rights set forth in th
is License Agreement.
\par 
\par TERADYNE, INC.
\par 600 Riverpark Drive 
\par North Reading, MA  01864
\par 
\par Rev 11-TER June 12, 2008}{\insrsid1776846 
\par }}